Fix getLabelFromStackTrace edge case in Firefox (#2615)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/spotty-clouds-listen.md

---
'@emotion/react': patch
---

> Fix an edge case where runtime label extraction led to invalid class names in Firefox. This only affects the development build of Emotion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an edge case where runtime label extraction in class components led to invalid class names in Firefox. This only affected the development build of Emotion.
```
